Matter AWS Documentation (#64)
SiliconLabsSoftware/docs-matter: sld962-matter-aws-feature/index.md

[Silicon Labs Matter hardware requirements](/matter/{build-docspace-version}/matter-prerequisites/hardware-requirements)
documentation.

> > **Note:** The standard flavor is supported for 917 SoC and NCP boards. The dual-stack flavor is supported for **917 NCP boards only** (BRD4186C, BRD4187C, BRD4120A).

Reviewer: 4186c, 4187c and 4120a are EFR boards.This can be updated to something like this : (EFR32 host + SiWx917 co-processor over SPI).

```suggestion
> **Note:** The standard flavor is supported for 917 SoC and NCP boards. The dual-stack flavor is supported for **917 NCP boards only** (EFR32 host + BRD4346A).
```

### Building Matter + AWS Application using Simplicity Studio

> Follow the instructions in [Build Procedure for Matter + AWS](./build-matter-aws.md) to enable the Matter + AWS feature for the **standard flavor** (917 SoC and standard 917 NCP).

Reviewer 2: Follow the steps in [Build Procedure for Matter + AWS](./build-matter-aws.md) to enable the Matter + AWS feature for the **standard flavor** (917 SoC and standard 917 NCP).
